Document Kafka Broker commit offset interval (#4537)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/broker/kafka-broker/README.md

!!! note
    `ca.crt` can be omitted to fallback to use system's root CA set.

> ## Consumer Offsets Commit Interval
> 
> Kafka consumers keep track of the last successfully sent events by committing offsets.
> 
> For performance reasons, it's not recommended committing offsets every time an event is successfully sent to a
> subscriber.
> 
> Knative Kafka Broker commits the offset every `auto.commit.interval.ms` milliseconds.
> 
> `auto.commit.interval.ms` can be changed by changing the `config-kafka-broker-data-plane` `ConfigMap`
> in the `knative-eventing` namespace by changing the parameter `auto.commit.interval.ms` as follows:
> 
> ```yaml
> 
> apiVersion: v1
> kind: ConfigMap
> metadata:
>   name: config-kafka-broker-data-plane
>   namespace: knative-eventing
> data:
>   # Some configurations omitted ...
>   config-kafka-broker-consumer.properties: |
>     # Some configurations omitted ...
> 
>     # Commit the offset every 5000 millisecods (5 seconds)
>     auto.commit.interval.ms=5000
> ```
> 
> !!! note
>     While Knative Kafka Broker guarantees at least once delivery, hence your applications may
>     receive duplicate events, the higher the commit interval is the higher is the probability
>     of receiving duplicate events since when a Consumer restarts, it starts again from last
>     committed offsets.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Consumer offsets commit interval

Kafka consumers keep track of the most recent, successfully sent events by committing offsets.

The Knative Kafka Broker commits offsets every `auto.commit.interval.ms` milliseconds.

!!! note
    To prevent negative impacts to performance, it is not recommended to commit offsets every time an event is successfully sent to a subscriber.

This interval can be modified in the `config-kafka-broker-data-plane` ConfigMap in the `knative-eventing` namespace, by modifying the `auto.commit.interval.ms` parameter as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: config-kafka-broker-data-plane
  namespace: knative-eventing
data:
  # Some configurations omitted ...
  config-kafka-broker-consumer.properties: |
    # Some configurations omitted ...

    # Commit the offset every 5000 millisecods (5 seconds)
    auto.commit.interval.ms=5000
```
!!! note
    Knative Kafka Broker guarantees at least once delivery, which means that your applications may receive duplicate events. A higher commit interval means that there is a higher probability of receiving duplicate events, because when a Consumer restarts, it restarts from the last committed offset.
```

Reviewer: For some reason the suggestion is formatting weird, so you don't need to commit this - you can see my suggestions for changes and feel free to use ones that make sense though

Author: Thank you, that's much better!
